feat(recovery): add doc on fault telorance mechanisms (#1336)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/fault-tolerance.md

# Fault tolerance mechanisms

Learn which mechanism allows the platform to be fault tolerant. 

## Global fault tolerance strategy

Multiple incidents can happen in a given system. We can have the database not responding anymore either because of a crash or 

> a network issue, we can have the JVM on which Bonita Platform run failing, or we can have external services not available. Each category of incident have a mechanism to recover from it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a network issue, we can have the JVM on which Bonita Platform runs failing, or we can have external services not available. Each category of incident has a mechanism to recover from it.
```

> * When dealing with machine wise failure like the JVM or physical host crashing, Bonita platform can be installed in a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When dealing with a failure on the host machine, like the JVM or hardware crashing, Bonita platform can be installed in a
```

[clustered architecture](overview-of-bonita-bpm-in-a-cluster.md) to ensure the High availability of the service. 
It means that if one node of the cluster fails, another one is available to continue executing [works](work-execution.md).
* When dealing with external services' outage called by [connectors](connectors-overview.md), they can be [replayed](tasks.md). 
* When dealing with incident like unresponsive database, we have two mechanisms to handle these errors the Retry mechanism and 
the Recovery mechanism 

## Retry mechanism

It is a reactive system, when an incident happens during the execution of a work, an exception is thrown. This mechanism
analyses the exception and determine if the work should be retried automatically or not.

> When the exception is retryable, the platform re-queue the work with a delay. That can be done up to 10 times with a delay

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the exception is retryable, the platform queues the work again, with a delay. That can be done up to 10 times
```

> increasing from 1 second to more than 1 hour by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with the delay increasing gradually from 1 second to more than 1 hour by default.
```

period of times when there are incidents like database outage.

Here is an example of metrics published using the Prometheus publisher, more info on how to activate this publisher
 in [Bonita Runtime Monitoring](runtime-monitoring.md)
 
```
# HELP bonita_bpmengine_recovery_duration_seconds_max duration of recovery task
# TYPE bonita_bpmengine_recovery_duration_seconds_max gauge
bonita_bpmengine_recovery_duration_seconds_max{tenant="1",} 0.0
# HELP bonita_bpmengine_recovery_duration_seconds duration of recovery task
# TYPE bonita_bpmengine_recovery_duration_seconds summary
bonita_bpmengine_recovery_duration_seconds_active_count{tenant="1",} 0.0
bonita_bpmengine_recovery_duration_seconds_duration_sum{tenant="1",} 0.0
# HELP bonita_bpmengine_recovery_recovered_last_elements number of elements recovered
# TYPE bonita_bpmengine_recovery_recovered_last_elements gauge
bonita_bpmengine_recovery_recovered_last_elements{tenant="1",} 0.0
# HELP bonita_bpmengine_recovery_recovered_total_elements_total Total number of elements recovered
# TYPE bonita_bpmengine_recovery_recovered_total_elements_total counter
bonita_bpmengine_recovery_recovered_total_elements_total{tenant="1",} 39768.0

> bonita_bpmengine_work_pending_works{tenant="1",} 0.0

Reviewer 2: Delete line because these metrics does not related to the recovery mechanism.
```suggestion
```
